1	 WEATHER Radar Animation Main Weather Page AP NEWS Hurricane Katrina Advocate staff photo by Arthur D. Lauck National Guardsmen help Henrietta Glover, 61, and her grandchild Darrienna Cryer, 1, into the shade across the street from the Ernest N. Morial Convention Center in New Orleans. - Read the story Katrina photo galleries from The Advocate:Friday's photos | Friday's photos Part 2 | More photos WBRZ/WGNO Live Video Stream WGNO and WBRZ have joined forces to cover the disaster and recovery in Louisiana.Click here for our live video stream AP Satellite Images of Katrina's Devastation Click here Katrina video clips: Tigers, Saints working on upcoming schedules Vacant store turned into field hospital Interview with N.O. Mayor Ray Nagin Part 1 Interview with N.O. Mayor Ray Nagin Part 2 Iberville helping relief efforts Susan Roesgen recounts visit to New Orleans Oliver Thomas upset with state of evacuations Former FEMA director to assist with recovery Parish officials give instructions on garbage sort Livingston sheriff advises patience The 2theadvocate.com Hurricane Blog - Read the Blog Blanco hires former FEMA headFormer FEMA director James Lee Witt has been hired by Gov. Blanco as an advisor. Video Mannings bring supplies to BR NFL football stars and New Orleans natives Peyton and Eli Manning arrived at the Baton Rouge Metro Airport Saturday morning with more than 31,000 pounds of supplies for victims of Hurricane Katrina. Video Convoy leaves New York for Louisiana A convoy of 70 city buses, accompanied by an assortment of support vehicles and volunteers, departed lower Manhattan on Saturday morning for a 24-hour trip south to help evacuate victims of Hurricane Katrina. Read the story Iconic locations in New Orleans damaged by Katrina In New Orleans, the streets where revelers meandered, listening to jazz in the sticky heat, are now flooded with murky water. Some businesses and landmarks are submerged or damaged; others escaped the water but were ravaged by looters. Read the story Bush sends more troops to regionPresident Bush ordered more than 7,000 active duty forces to the Gulf Coast on Saturday, as the Bush administration intensified efforts to rescue survivors and send aid to the hurricane-ravaged Gulf Coast in the face of criticism it did not act quickly enough. Read the story After five days, many still await evacuation from New OrleansPlanes, trains and buses delivered refugees to safety on Saturday as the evacuation of this ruined city finally appeared to pick up steam. Read the story Rescuers reach Morial Center Five days after Hurricane Katrina devastated this city, help was finally making its way Friday to Convention Center Boulevard. But these weren't tears of gratitude. These were tears of dread. Read the story Blanco, senators pleased with President Bush meeting Gov. Kathleen Blanco asked Bush to send home Louisiana National Guard's 256th combat brigade team from Iraq to help with hurricane aftermath. Some soldiers will have no houses or jobs when they return home. Read the story Katrina sends birth to BR Hurricane Katrina sent Bacchus, husband Mark and two small sons on a three-day journey through water and fire to Woman's Hospital in Baton Rouge where Mason Bacchus was born Thursday. Read the story Entergy's goal: Sunday for restoring BR power About 32,000 customers of Entergy Corp. in the Baton Rouge area operated without electrical power for the fifth day Friday in the wake of Hurricane Katrina. Read the story Evacuees now face challenge of reuniting their families Efforts to help evacuees reunite with each other or contact relatives elsewhere are still in the early stages. Databases and Internet sites are in the works, but information is incomplete and has yet to be centralized, officials said. Read the story 45,000 guardsmen deployed to area Military authorities plan to put about 45,000 National Guardsmen on the streets from this Naval airbase in the next two days, said Col. Ron Stuckey, who is overseeing the operation. Read the story La. 'turns a corner' New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin said Friday he does not think his tirade a day earlier about the lack of a federal response to the Hurricane Katrina disaster "rattled" President Bush, but it did "get the nation's attention." Read the story Talk to us, share information in our forums - Forums Headlnes from the Associated Press: The Red Cross has over 200 volunteers to help in the Baton Rouge area, but the need for more volunteers is enormous. Orientation for volunteers is every half hour. Because phone services are overloaded, go by the Baton Rouge Red Cross office at 10201 Mayfair Drive in Baton Rouge to volunteer. Volunteering | Relief effort | Donations WBRZ Programming note: Due to 24-hour Hurricane Katrina coverage through the upcoming days on WBRZ, viewers can can tune to cable Channel 18 for regularly scheduled programs. WBRZ, WGNO partner to provide continuous news coverage WBRZ-TV News 2 Louisiana of Baton Rouge has opened its doors to WGNO-TV/ABC 26 of New Orleans in order to provide continuous coverage of the devastation caused by Hurricane Katrina. The move allows both stations to provide critical information to the thousands of Louisiana families displaced by the powerful Category 5 storm. Read the story IMPORTANT LINKS Donate Relief 2 Louisiana Hotlines/Phone Numbers Aid from surrounding states Business hotlines Colleges offering help How individuals can help Baton Rouge area shelters Red Cross Family registry NOLA Missing Persons Forum Baton Rouge area sports cancellations/postponements Public Service Announcements FEMA Disaster Information State, Federal Highway closures U.S. Army Corps of Engineers LA Emergency Preparedness ADVOCATE HEADLINES Evacuees recount ordeal Shelters exceed capacity in area Rescue team frees horses Mail delivery on hold in storm-struck areas Firefighters held as hostages just rumor Vote helps house evacuees Loss of power can harm food supplies in 4 hours Baton Rouge area briefs Civil Air Patrol assists Katrina relief efforts EBR schools set to open without bus service Colleges deal with campus shift Two N.O. charity hospitals evacuated First lady visits evacuees in Cajundome 50 workers stay on shift to make bags for levees 1,700 displaced students take up Lafayette's offer 742 students enroll in Ascension Providing services to hurricane refugees puts stress on city resources Livingston sheriff says shelters, housing full Livingston waits for FEMA word Plaquemines' levees work against parish Iberia Parish officials dispel rumors of evacuee violence Sorrento drivers get green 'resident' tags Several Labor Day festivals canceled; benefit concert set Click for ABC News | AP News Click for WBRZ Weather Discussion WBRZ VIDEOS WBRZ/WGNO live video stream Tigers, Saints working on upcoming schedules Vacant store turned into field hospital Interview with N.O. Mayor Ray Nagin Part 1 Interview with N.O. Mayor Ray Nagin Part 2 Susan Roesgen recounts visit to New Orleans Iberville helping relief efforts Oliver Thomas upset with state of evacuations Former FEMA director to assist with recovery Parish officials give instructions on garbage sort Mannings bring supplies to Baton Rouge Livingston sheriff urges patience Eli Manning plans to visit shelters with brother Insurance tips for displaced residents New Orleans resident talks about experience National Guard assisting Superdome evacuation Residents in New Orleans looting only for need Blanco discusses levee wall project Looting still happening in New Orleans Evacuations continue in downtown New Orleans Bruce Katz reports conditions in Kenner, Metairie George Ryan reports latest from OEP On the ground footage from New Orleans Vitter: progress beginning Landrieu comments on president's visit EBR resumes class Tuesday, registering evacuee students Busload of evacuees overturned near Opelousas WGNO's Paul Murphy reports from Superdome EBRSO helping evacuation efforts Universities taking in displaced students First lady speaks for Lafayette shelter OEP briefing full of new info Jindal speaks about aid efforts Rescue efforts continue in St. Bernard Parish Nagin, Vitter make urgent pleas Vitter: More troops are needed Mail, social security checks being re-routed Few areas left in BR without power Power restored to East, West Jefferson hospitals Jesse Jackson comments on Katrina aftermath Blanco demands apology from House speaker Corps of Engineers has plan to drain N.O. Text messages play role in reuniting families More WBRZ videos Due to increased site traffic from Hurricane Katrina the 2theadvocate.com is operating in reduced bandwith mode. Copyright ? 1992-2005, 2theadvocate.com, WBRZ, Louisiana Broadcasting LLC and The Advocate, Capital City Press LLC, All Rights Reserved. Click here to send comments or questions about 2theadvocate.com.
2	 WEATHER Radar Animation Main Weather Page AP NEWS Hurricane Katrina Advocate staff photo by Arthur D. Lauck National Guardsmen help Henrietta Glover, 61, and her grandchild Darrienna Cryer, 1, into the shade across the street from the Ernest N. Morial Convention Center in New Orleans. - Read the story Katrina photo galleries from The Advocate:Friday's photos | Friday's photos Part 2 | More photos WBRZ/WGNO Live Video Stream WGNO and WBRZ have joined forces to cover the disaster and recovery in Louisiana.Click here for our live video stream AP Satellite Images of Katrina's Devastation Click here Katrina video clips: Tigers, Saints working on upcoming schedules Vacant store turned into field hospital Interview with N.O. Mayor Ray Nagin Part 1 Interview with N.O. Mayor Ray Nagin Part 2 Iberville helping relief efforts Susan Roesgen recounts visit to New Orleans Oliver Thomas upset with state of evacuations Former FEMA director to assist with recovery Parish officials give instructions on garbage sort Livingston sheriff advises patience The 2theadvocate.com Hurricane Blog - Read the Blog Blanco hires former FEMA headFormer FEMA director James Lee Witt has been hired by Gov. Blanco as an advisor. Video Mannings bring supplies to BR NFL football stars and New Orleans natives Peyton and Eli Manning arrived at the Baton Rouge Metro Airport Saturday morning with more than 31,000 pounds of supplies for victims of Hurricane Katrina. Video Convoy leaves New York for Louisiana A convoy of 70 city buses, accompanied by an assortment of support vehicles and volunteers, departed lower Manhattan on Saturday morning for a 24-hour trip south to help evacuate victims of Hurricane Katrina. Read the story Iconic locations in New Orleans damaged by Katrina In New Orleans, the streets where revelers meandered, listening to jazz in the sticky heat, are now flooded with murky water. Some businesses and landmarks are submerged or damaged; others escaped the water but were ravaged by looters. Read the story Bush sends more troops to regionPresident Bush ordered more than 7,000 active duty forces to the Gulf Coast on Saturday, as the Bush administration intensified efforts to rescue survivors and send aid to the hurricane-ravaged Gulf Coast in the face of criticism it did not act quickly enough. Read the story After five days, many still await evacuation from New OrleansPlanes, trains and buses delivered refugees to safety on Saturday as the evacuation of this ruined city finally appeared to pick up steam. Read the story Rescuers reach Morial Center Five days after Hurricane Katrina devastated this city, help was finally making its way Friday to Convention Center Boulevard. But these weren't tears of gratitude. These were tears of dread. Read the story Blanco, senators pleased with President Bush meeting Gov. Kathleen Blanco asked Bush to send home Louisiana National Guard's 256th combat brigade team from Iraq to help with hurricane aftermath. Some soldiers will have no houses or jobs when they return home. Read the story Katrina sends birth to BR Hurricane Katrina sent Bacchus, husband Mark and two small sons on a three-day journey through water and fire to Woman's Hospital in Baton Rouge where Mason Bacchus was born Thursday. Read the story Entergy's goal: Sunday for restoring BR power About 32,000 customers of Entergy Corp. in the Baton Rouge area operated without electrical power for the fifth day Friday in the wake of Hurricane Katrina. Read the story Evacuees now face challenge of reuniting their families Efforts to help evacuees reunite with each other or contact relatives elsewhere are still in the early stages. Databases and Internet sites are in the works, but information is incomplete and has yet to be centralized, officials said. Read the story 45,000 guardsmen deployed to area Military authorities plan to put about 45,000 National Guardsmen on the streets from this Naval airbase in the next two days, said Col. Ron Stuckey, who is overseeing the operation. Read the story La. 'turns a corner' New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin said Friday he does not think his tirade a day earlier about the lack of a federal response to the Hurricane Katrina disaster "rattled" President Bush, but it did "get the nation's attention." Read the story Talk to us, share information in our forums - Forums Headlnes from the Associated Press: The Red Cross has over 200 volunteers to help in the Baton Rouge area, but the need for more volunteers is enormous. Orientation for volunteers is every half hour. Because phone services are overloaded, go by the Baton Rouge Red Cross office at 10201 Mayfair Drive in Baton Rouge to volunteer. Volunteering | Relief effort | Donations WBRZ Programming note: Due to 24-hour Hurricane Katrina coverage through the upcoming days on WBRZ, viewers can can tune to cable Channel 18 for regularly scheduled programs. WBRZ, WGNO partner to provide continuous news coverage WBRZ-TV News 2 Louisiana of Baton Rouge has opened its doors to WGNO-TV/ABC 26 of New Orleans in order to provide continuous coverage of the devastation caused by Hurricane Katrina. The move allows both stations to provide critical information to the thousands of Louisiana families displaced by the powerful Category 5 storm. Read the story IMPORTANT LINKS Donate Relief 2 Louisiana Hotlines/Phone Numbers Aid from surrounding states Business hotlines Colleges offering help How individuals can help Baton Rouge area shelters Red Cross Family registry NOLA Missing Persons Forum Baton Rouge area sports cancellations/postponements Public Service Announcements FEMA Disaster Information State, Federal Highway closures U.S. Army Corps of Engineers LA Emergency Preparedness ADVOCATE HEADLINES Evacuees recount ordeal Shelters exceed capacity in area Rescue team frees horses Mail delivery on hold in storm-struck areas Firefighters held as hostages just rumor Vote helps house evacuees Loss of power can harm food supplies in 4 hours Baton Rouge area briefs Civil Air Patrol assists Katrina relief efforts EBR schools set to open without bus service Colleges deal with campus shift Two N.O. charity hospitals evacuated First lady visits evacuees in Cajundome 50 workers stay on shift to make bags for levees 1,700 displaced students take up Lafayette's offer 742 students enroll in Ascension Providing services to hurricane refugees puts stress on city resources Livingston sheriff says shelters, housing full Livingston waits for FEMA word Plaquemines' levees work against parish Iberia Parish officials dispel rumors of evacuee violence Sorrento drivers get green 'resident' tags Several Labor Day festivals canceled; benefit concert set Click for ABC News | AP News Click for WBRZ Weather Discussion WBRZ VIDEOS WBRZ/WGNO live video stream Tigers, Saints working on upcoming schedules Vacant store turned into field hospital Interview with N.O. Mayor Ray Nagin Part 1 Interview with N.O. Mayor Ray Nagin Part 2 Susan Roesgen recounts visit to New Orleans Iberville helping relief efforts Oliver Thomas upset with state of evacuations Former FEMA director to assist with recovery Parish officials give instructions on garbage sort Mannings bring supplies to Baton Rouge Livingston sheriff urges patience Eli Manning plans to visit shelters with brother Insurance tips for displaced residents New Orleans resident talks about experience National Guard assisting Superdome evacuation Residents in New Orleans looting only for need Blanco discusses levee wall project Looting still happening in New Orleans Evacuations continue in downtown New Orleans Bruce Katz reports conditions in Kenner, Metairie George Ryan reports latest from OEP On the ground footage from New Orleans Vitter: progress beginning Landrieu comments on president's visit EBR resumes class Tuesday, registering evacuee students Busload of evacuees overturned near Opelousas WGNO's Paul Murphy reports from Superdome EBRSO helping evacuation efforts Universities taking in displaced students First lady speaks for Lafayette shelter OEP briefing full of new info Jindal speaks about aid efforts Rescue efforts continue in St. Bernard Parish Nagin, Vitter make urgent pleas Vitter: More troops are needed Mail, social security checks being re-routed Few areas left in BR without power Power restored to East, West Jefferson hospitals Jesse Jackson comments on Katrina aftermath Blanco demands apology from House speaker Corps of Engineers has plan to drain N.O. Text messages play role in reuniting families More WBRZ videos Due to increased site traffic from Hurricane Katrina the 2theadvocate.com is operating in reduced bandwith mode. Copyright ? 1992-2005, 2theadvocate.com, WBRZ, Louisiana Broadcasting LLC and The Advocate, Capital City Press LLC, All Rights Reserved. Click here to send comments or questions about 2theadvocate.com.
4	 Enlarge image | Animate Local Radar WBRZ Weather Maps Local Radar Lightning Data National Radar National Satellite National Satellite/Radar
5	 Click here for still image. Local Radar WBRZ Weather Maps Local Radar Lightning Data National Radar National Satellite National Satellite/Radar
6	 Main Weather Hurricane Tracking Charts WeatherNet 2 WeatherBug Weather Staff Weather@wbrz.com 24hr Weather Line225.336.2375 Radar Animation WBRZ Weather Maps Lightning Data National Radar National Satellite National Satellite / Radar Turn to Cox Cable Channel 18 for the latest weather information. Advertisements click image to enlarge QUICK CAST Weather Discussion Get the latest Labor Day Weekend forecast for both Baton Rouge and New Orleans, plus more in our exclusive Weather Discussion! Pat Shingleton's Weather News WBRZ's chief forecaster gives you the wittier side of weather news here. Current Conditions (text version) EXTENDED FORECAST LOUISIANA WEATHER STATIONS -- Choose One -- Alexandria Amelia / Lake Palourd Baton Rouge Boothville Heliport Cameron Heliport Chenault Airpark Eugene Island 330 Fort Polk Fourchon Grand Isle Green Canyon 184 High Island 264C Houma-Terrebonne Intracoastal City Lafayette Lake Charles Monroe New Iberia N.O. Naval Air Station N.O. Intl. Airport N.O. Lakefront Airport Patterson Memorial Salt Point Shreveport Downtown Airport Shreveport Regional Airport Slidell South Marsh 268A South Marsh Island South Timbalier Venice Vicksburg REGIONAL WEATHER CONDITIONS - Choose A City - Atlanta, GA Biloxi, MS Charleston, SC Fayettville, AR Jackson, MS Little Rock, AR Memphis, TN Nashville, TN Birmingham, AL Charlotte, NC Chicago, IL Dallas, TX Denver, CO Houston, TX Knoxville, TN Las Vegas, NV Lexington, KY Los Angeles, CA Louisville, KY Mobile, Gulf Shores, AL New York, NY Panama City, FL Pensacola, Ft. Walton, FL San Antonio, TX San Francisco, CA Seattle, WA Washington, DC MARINE CONDITIONS Coastal Forecast (text) Tide Info River Conditions from the NWS River Conditions from USGS   ALMANAC INFORMATION WEATHER FEATURES Sep. 1 Sep. 2 Sep. 3 Sep. 4 Sep. 5 River Stage Sunrise 6:41 6:42 6:42 6:43 6:44 Sunset 7:27 7:26 7:25 7:23 7:22 Normal High 90 90 90 89 89 Normal Low 71 71 70 70 70 Record High 100 102 103 104 101 Record High Year 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 Record Low 57 59 60 58 57 Record Low Year 1915 1915 1952 1952 1974 Rainfall Hurricane Tracker Gulf of Mexico Satellite Animation Caribbean Satellite Animation National Hurricane Center Federal Emergency Management Agency Almanac Data for the Current Month NWS General Climate Information Sunrise/Sunset & Solunar Tables NWS Climate Data for Baton Rouge Ozone forecast Heat index charts WeatherNet 2 WeatherBug WeatherWarn Hurricane Hunters LSU Hurricane Center Advertisements Copyright © 2005 2theAdvocate.com, The Advocate, WBRZ. All Rights Reserved.Click here to send comments or questions about 2theadvocate.com.
7	 News Sports Weather Traffic Lifestyles Entertainment Classifieds WBRZ-TV The Advocate Obituaries Advertisements Customer Service GENERAL SERVICES Contact Us FAQs Advocate history WBRZ history Site Map SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Subscribe Now! Delivery Questions Vacation Stop/Start NEWS SERVICES Letter to editor Engagement Weddings Obituaries WBRZ Scripts READER / VIEWER SERVICES Email Newsletters Archives Back Issues Education (NIE) Sports Posters Photo/Page Reprints Video Copies ADVERTISING SERVICES Place a classified ad Advocate Advertising Questions WBRZ Advertising Questions Advertisements   2theadvocate > News > Rescuers reach Morial Center 09/03/05 Rescuers reach Morial Center But evacuees still waiting to be moved By PENNY BROWN ROBERTS proberts@theadvocate.com Advocate staff writer Advocate staff photo by ARTHUR D. LAUCK National Guardsmen help Henrietta Glover, 61, and her grandchild Darrienna Cryer, 1, into the shade across the street from the Ernest N. Morial Convention Center in New Orleans. NEW ORLEANS -- Clarence Horton couldn't stop the tears. Five days after Hurricane Katrina devastated this city, help was finally making its way Friday to Convention Center Boulevard. But these weren't tears of gratitude. These were tears of dread. Horton was afraid the sudden heightened military presence in a throng of desperate refugees stranded for days at the Ernest N. Morial Convention Center without any relief might bring violence -- and death. Advertisements "The first blood or the first bullet, it's over. We're going to have a massacre," the 72-year-old retired Greyhound bus driver said. "Please don't let these people get killed." As it turned out, there was nothing to fear. The National Guard arrived at the center en masse shortly after noon Friday. Two helicopters glided back and forth across a sunny New Orleans sky, assessing the scene below. Minutes later came a convoy of troops, followed by another convoy of tractor-trailers bearing ready-to-eat meals of salsa chicken and bottled water. Although much-need relief arrived, it still was unclear when the evacuees might be moved from the Convention Center. Hundreds of school buses throughout Louisiana made the pilgrimage to New Orleans and were waiting on the interstate Friday to pick up remaining refugees at the Superdome and possibly those at the Convention Center. Throughout the city, authorities battled continued looting and at least two fires: one an empty apartment building on South Peters Street, the other in an industrial district in the Bywater neighborhood. But here, the crowd of an estimated 10,000 spent the night and much of the day clearing a path for rescuers: picking up broken glass, human waste and other debris with shovels, straw brooms, bleach and bare hands, and bagging it. Advocate staff photo by ARTHUR D. LAUCK Refugees get one bottle of water and one MRE at the feeding station Friday at the Ernest N. Morial Convention Center in New Orleans. And they cheered the passing parade of Louisiana and Arkansas National Guard troops and law enforcement with applause, whistles and shouts of "Thank you, Jesus!" and "Yes! Yes! Thank God we're saved!" New Orleans Police Superintendent Eddie Compass hopped aboard a Rapides Parish Sheriff's Office truck and, looking shaken by what he saw, pressed a bullhorn to his lips. "We've got food and water and medical attention on the way. I'm going to get y'all out of here," he promised. "We got 30,000 people out of the Superdome, and we can get you out, too. I wouldn't lie to you." By 3 p.m., the crowd -- some of them living in tents fashioned from Mulate's red-checkered tablecloths -- formed single-file lines in the River Center parking lot, next to the Convention Center. For the first time in days, a hush fell over them as National Guard soldiers handed each a ration of food and water. Though desperate to get out, many of these now homeless and unemployed people already are dreaming of their return to New Orleans. As they waited, Sharele Youngblood and her 15-year-old son Jeffrey McKnight were among those who piled food wrappers, empty water bottles and cans into plastic bags. The 36-year-old parent liaison for the Orleans Parish School Board started picking up trash Thursday night -- and did it all over again Friday morning. "We want the buses to get through without any trouble," Youngblood said. "And we don't want to leave our city messy like this because this is still out city and someday, we'll be coming back home." Wearing a trademark red hat, Margaret Avalon sat under the shade of a tree, wondering about the fate of her husband. On Thursday afternoon, he suffered an epileptic seizure while helping distribute food and water dropped by military helicopters. Soldiers pulled him into the chopper. Saying she was certain he is fine, she also was anticipating her return to New Orleans. "The Crescent Lady is not defeated, and she's not dead," Avalon said. "She's just got a very bad war wound. But she'll be back better than ever, I don't know about Mardi Gras 2006, but in 2007, we'll be in our usual spot, yelling at Bacchus." But there are reminders that not everyone will make it. On the grassy median in the middle of Convention Center Boulevard remained the body of the elderly man who died in his lawn chair. Someone laid over him a gold comforter, leaving exposed only a dirty sock-covered foot that will never take those final steps to freedom, or the trip home again. Printer Friendly Version Send this story to a friend Advertisements FEATURES
10	 News Sports Weather Traffic Lifestyles Entertainment Classifieds WBRZ-TV The Advocate Obituaries Customer Service GENERAL SERVICES Contact Us FAQs Community Resources Advocate history WBRZ history Site Map SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Subscribe Now! Delivery Questions Vacation Stop/Start NEWS SERVICES Letter to editor Engagement Weddings Obituaries WBRZ Scripts PHOTO GALLERY Evacuation, gas lines and waiting Monica Majesty from Springfield, La., fills up five-gallon gas cans at a Race Track gas station in Baton Rouge, Thursday, September 1, 2005. Majesty said the fuel was for generators her family and friends are using since they lost power in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. Majesty said the gas stations in her town cannot pump gas because power is out. Springfield is about an hour drive east of Baton Rouge. Advocate staff photo by Patrick Dennis PHOTO GALLERY Southeast Louisiana underwater A colorful theme park emerges from the murky depths. Advocate staff photo by Travis Spradling PHOTO GALLERY New Orleans and Slidell recover Aerial of the 9th Ward area with water up to the roofs due to Hurricane Katrina. Advocate staff photo by Bill Feig PHOTO GALLERY Surviving the Storm Hurricane Katrina refugees make their way to the Louisiana Superdome as high waters rise around them. Advocate staff photo by Richard Alan Hannon PHOTO GALLERY Katrina roars thru Louisiana Clark Derbes floats briefly in the air as strong winds from the Mississippi River fill a sheet tucked into his shoes Monday in Baton Rouge. Local residents ventured outside to survey damage and play in the strong winds after threats of the most severe weather had passed Monday afternoon. Advocate staff photo by Liz Condo PHOTO GALLERY Hattiesburg, Miss.: Katrina leaves devastation Rushing Avenue near 28th Avenue and Lincoln Road in Hattiesburg, Miss. Downed trees and debris cover the streets. 2theadvocate.com staff photo by Tish Pierce PHOTO GALLERY Preparing for Katrina Kyle D'Oriocourt, 15, and his mom Angela carry a family armoir from their camp to their van to protect it from Hurricane Katrina. Advocate staff photo by Arthur D. Lauck   VIEW STORIES THAT HAVE APPEARED ONLINE BY DAY  Select day and press go  Friday, September 2, 2005 Thursday, September 1, 2005 Wednesday, August 31, 2005 Tuesday, August 30, 2005 Monday, August 29, 2005 Sunday, August 28, 2005 Saturday, August 27, 2005 Friday, August 26, 2005 Thursday, August 25, 2005 Wednesday, August 24, 2005 Tuesday, August 23, 2005 Monday, August 22, 2005 Sunday, August 21, 2005 Saturday, August 20, 2005 Friday, August 19, 2005 Thursday, August 18, 2005 Wednesday, August 17, 2005 Tuesday, August 16, 2005 Monday, August 15, 2005 Sunday, August 14, 2005 Saturday, August 13, 2005 Friday, August 12, 2005 Thursday, August 11, 2005 Wednesday, August 10, 2005 Tuesday, August 9, 2005 Monday, August 8, 2005 Sunday, August 7, 2005 Saturday, August 6, 2005 Friday, August 5, 2005 Thursday, August 4, 2005 2theadvocate.com keeps a one month archive of online stories. Note: All Advocate stories do not appear on 2theadvocate.com. Search the complete Advocate story archive Copyright ? 1992-2005, 2theadvocate.com, WBRZ, Louisiana Broadcasting LLC and The Advocate, Capital City Press LLC, All Rights Reserved. Click here to send comments or questions about 2theadvocate.com.
11	 News Sports Weather Traffic Lifestyles Entertainment Classifieds WBRZ-TV The Advocate Obituaries Advertisements Customer Service GENERAL SERVICES Contact Us FAQs Advocate history WBRZ history Site Map SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Subscribe Now! Delivery Questions Vacation Stop/Start NEWS SERVICES Letter to editor Engagement Weddings Obituaries WBRZ Scripts READER / VIEWER SERVICES Email Newsletters Archives Back Issues Education (NIE) Sports Posters Photo/Page Reprints Video Copies ADVERTISING SERVICES Place a classified ad Advocate Advertising Questions WBRZ Advertising Questions Advertisements   2theadvocate > News > Blanco, senators pleased with President Bush meeting 09/03/05 Blanco, senators pleased with President Bush meeting By REBECCA BREEDEN rbreeden@theadvocate.com 2theadvocate.com staff writer Gov. Kathleen Blanco spent the day with President Bush in what she called a productive day. Blanco asked Bush to send home Louisiana National Guard's 256th combat brigade team from Iraq to help with hurricane aftermath. Some soldiers will have no houses or jobs when they return home. "I'm hearing that a lot of those soldiers are extremely upset about what's happening here and are looking forward to working close to home," Blanco said Friday night. "Our people would rather work closer to home." Bush didn't respond to that request. However, faith has been renewed for Louisiana citizens, Blanco said, and New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin has a "renewed sense of hope" after being under a tremendous amount of stress. Project Hope is the new name given to rebuilding southeast Louisiana. Advertisements "It was just a beautiful thing, and I thought about what it symbolized ? the first ray of real hope for the people who have lost so much," Blanco said. "It means the beginning of the end of the nightmare. There are better days to come." A 501C3 non-profit was created today to better coordinate donations. People can send donations to the Louisiana Disaster Recovery Foundation, P.O. Box 94095, Baton Rouge, LA 70804-9095. The donations will go toward refugees' housing, education, healthcare, and jobs. Visit http://www.louisiana.gov for details. Blanco said Bush spent Friday on the ground watching workers work on the levee and the military's response to hurricane aftermath. Blanco asked for at least 40,000 troops throughout Louisiana. More than 2,000 soldiers will arrive by midnight, making the grand total 7,000. "We have to restore order so that we can begin the process of rebuilding," Blanco said. "People have to be able to walk safely. We cannot have people threatening our citizens and making their lives unsafe." Trailers of water, ice, food, or commercial buses, base camps, staging areas, amphibious personnel carriers, airlift, urban search teams, generators, fuel and communication systems were also on Blanco's wish list. The casualties are still unknown, but the governor expects thousands. The Superdome is practically empty, but the New Orleans Convention Center is still largely occupied. Citizens there will be evacuated Saturday morning. Sen. David Vitter called FEMA's response to the hurricane aftermath an "abject failure." He said he was frustrated that FEMA didn't have a more reasonable plan to something "utterly predictable." He suggested putting Lt. Gen. Russell Honore, a Louisiana native, in charge. Vitter and Sen. Mary Landrieu also spent the day with Bush and Blanco flying over neighborhoods, cities and parishes affected by Katrina. Landrieu asked Bush to appoint a cabinet-level person to immediately coordinate money to rebuild New Orleans and surrounding parishes. She said FEMA's focus hasn't worked this week, but that Bush could make bold decisions to make things happen. "America should never allow this to happen again," Landrieu said. "Forgive us if you think we've made mistakes," she said, adding that lack of investment, communication, organization and the ability to grasp the situation have complicated everything. She said she was confident that after today Bush understood the magnitude of crisis, and that he should make bold decisions. Bush made no promises. "I'm hopeful that today's a turning point," Vitter said. "I learned the last four days not to believe anything until I see it." Printer Friendly Version Send this story to a friend Advertisements FEATURES
12	 News Sports Weather Traffic Lifestyles Entertainment Classifieds WBRZ-TV The Advocate Obituaries Advertisements Customer Service GENERAL SERVICES Contact Us FAQs Advocate history WBRZ history Site Map SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Subscribe Now! Delivery Questions Vacation Stop/Start NEWS SERVICES Letter to editor Engagement Weddings Obituaries WBRZ Scripts READER / VIEWER SERVICES Email Newsletters Archives Back Issues Education (NIE) Sports Posters Photo/Page Reprints Video Copies ADVERTISING SERVICES Place a classified ad Advocate Advertising Questions WBRZ Advertising Questions Advertisements   2theadvocate > News > Katrina sends birth to BR 09/03/05 Katrina sends birth to BR N.O. family's trip to hospital faces detours, rescues By ED CULLEN ecullen@theadvocate.com Advocate staff writer Advocate staff photo by TRAVIS SPRADLING Dr. George Rome III gives instructions to Heather Wright, left, and Mary Rose, center, in Woman's Hospital's special care nursery where babies were airlifted Friday from New Orleans. A hospital spokesman said at least one baby born since Sunday was named Katrina. Katherine Kiper Bacchus of Kenner expected to have her baby in a New Orleans hospital. Hurricane Katrina sent Bacchus, husband Mark and two small sons on a three-day journey through water and fire to Woman's Hospital in Baton Rouge where Mason Bacchus was born Thursday. Sunday, the Bacchuses started for Memorial Medical Center on Napoleon Avenue by car. They ended up in Baton Rouge after being rescued by a blind man in a canoe, a looter in a boat who happened to be going their way, a Blackhawk helicopter crew and ambulance attendants. Mason Bacchus was among about 100 New Orleans babies admitted or born at Woman's from Sunday to noon Friday. Twenty-nine newborns from University Hospital at the LSU Medical Center in New Orleans arrived at Woman's on Friday morning. Advertisements Another 100 patients -- mostly expectant women and babies from the Baton Rouge area -- were admitted to Woman's this week. Contractions while packing Katherine, on maternity leave from an insurance company, and Mark Bacchus, a telecommunications worker, were deciding where to go as the hurricane turned toward New Orleans. "My contractions started while I was packing," Bacchus said. Bacchus checked with her doctor, Thomas Ryan, who told her Memorial Medical was being evacuated. "Dr. Ryan said meet him at his house on Prytania," Bacchus said. "He was really sweet. No doctor's going to go to that much trouble, but he delivered my three other children." The couple's third son, Marcell, was with his grandmother. The Bacchuses don't know where Marcell is, but they assume he and his grandmother got out of the city with friends. On the way to Prytania Street, the couple decided to swing by Katherine Bacchus' dad's house on South Gayoso near Earhart Boulevard. "The sky looked funny," she said, "but there was no rain." Riding out the storm Bacchus' father was out of town, so she and her husband began getting the house ready for the storm. With nightfall, they decided to bunk down on the second floor of the house. "Then, windows started breaking and the house started shaking," Mark Bacchus said. "We were trying to plug holes and save as much as we could." His wife's contractions got harder. "It's pitch black, and the wind's blowing like heck," Katherine Bacchus said. "My dad's plants are flying by. The hanging plants are blowing straight out." Mark Bacchus tried to keep the front doors closed by pushing a couch against them, but the wind blew the couches away. "We all hugged each other," Bacchus said. "We stayed in the hall until daylight (Monday)." Flood waters rise There was water in the street up to car hubcaps. "We ate and slept until that afternoon," Katherine Bacchus said. "We were happy. We'd gotten through the storm. But the contractions were really hurting." A break in the 17th Street Canal was flooding the city. The Bacchuses watched looters breaking into houses as the water in the street reached car roof level. "I didn't want my wife and kids in that water," Bacchus said. "It smelled of gasoline." The couple watched rats swim by. By Tuesday afternoon, the Bacchuses were desperate. "Then, this guy in a canoe comes out of nowhere," Bacchus said. "He was in his 50s or 60s. He had, what do you call them, cataracts, and he's bumping into trees. The water was chest high on me. I'm 6-2, and he's a foot shorter, but he didn't care. He wanted to help." The man's 7-year-old daughter was in the canoe with sandwiches and soft drinks. Bacchus and the man pulled the canoe for miles to Memorial Medical only to be turned away by police on the hospital's flooding ramp. It took longer to get back to the house as water in the street rose. The water was halfway up the 15-foot steps to Katherine Bacchus' father's house when they got back. The man with the canoe helped them onto the steps and turned to leave. "I saw him walking away," Bacchus said. "I watched him for three blocks. Then, he made a turn, and I couldn't see him." Second rescue One of Katherine Bacchus' cousins waded up holding a talking bird in a cage over his head, a Beagle in an ice chest and a cell phone. "My contractions were getting harder, and the water kept coming up," Bacchus said. "We're calling 911, but we're getting Jefferson Parish 911, and they're relaying. I'm losing the battery in the cell phone." The Bacchuses got out sheets and flashlights to signal helicopters passing overhead to no avail. About 1 a.m. Wednesday, Katherine Bacchus awoke to brightness she thought was a helicopter's searchlight. "I woke my husband. I said, 'It's a helicopter.' I look out the window, and my cousin's house is on fire." A row of three houses were ablaze. "There was a vacant lot next door to us," Katherine Bacchus said. "I'm open, you know, about to have a baby. I wasn't getting in that water. ? There were cats drowning and dogs howling." A man they'd seen looting earlier cruised by in a bay boat powered by batteries hooked to a trolling motor. The looter took the Bacchuses and their children into the boat, along with some other people. "I'm scared for my life," Katherine Bacchus said, "but we have no choice. We're heading for the projects on Earhart, heading for the Superdome." As the looter hooked onto another boat and people in the water tried to climb in, the boat flipped. "I'm holding onto the side, and my feet aren't touching anything," Katherine Bacchus said. When the boat righted, Bacchus was thrown back on board, landing in the bottom of the boat. "She's up in two seconds," her husband laughed. "Bailing with a bucket." Fire in her eyes Bacchus had grabbed his sons, Mark Jr., 4, and Matthew, 2, and was wading toward the Amtrak station. His wife made it onto the railroad tracks but refused to go further. "I could hear people shooting, and there were people dropping bottles from the Claiborne Street Bridge," she said. Bacchus got his wife to her feet, and they walked to the Superdome. Dehydrated and doubled with labor pains, Katherine was offered a ride in an ambulance on the Dome's outside concourse. "This military guy says I can't take my family," she said. "He saw me cut my eyes." The Bacchuses -- all of them -- rode the ambulance onto the floor of the Dome. At 7 p.m. Wednesday, the family was on the heliport next door. A Blackhawk helicopter crewman said the family couldn't fly together. The pilot looked at Katherine, her husband said, and told the crewman, "Get them onboard." The helicopter took the family to the Louis Armstrong International Airport, and an ambulance drove them to Woman's. The family left New Orleans around 10 p.m. Wednesday. Mason was born nine hours later. Mason has stopped breathing twice, his mother said. He was in her arms in her bed shortly before lunch Friday. His brother, Mark, busied himself with the controls that raise and lower their mother's bed. "I can't sleep," Katherine Bacchus said. "I feel like if I go to sleep I'll be back in that water drowning. ? I can only be happy. I'm not worried about the car or the house. I knew we were going to die." Advocate staff photo by TRAVIS SPRADLING Mark Bacchus, 39, and wife Katherine, 30, of Kenner with sons, newborn Mason, Mark Jr., 4, and Matthew, 2, huddle at Woman's Hospital in Baton Rouge where Mason was born Thursday. Advocate staff photo by TRAVIS SPRADLING Dr. George Rome III gives instructions to Heather Wright, left, and Mary Rose, center, in Woman's Hospital's special care nursery where babies were airlifted from New Orleans Friday. A hospital spokesman said at least one baby born since Sunday was named Katrina. Printer Friendly Version Send this story to a friend Advertisements FEATURES
13	 News Sports Weather Traffic Lifestyles Entertainment Classifieds WBRZ-TV The Advocate Obituaries Advertisements Customer Service GENERAL SERVICES Contact Us FAQs Advocate history WBRZ history Site Map SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Subscribe Now! Delivery Questions Vacation Stop/Start NEWS SERVICES Letter to editor Engagement Weddings Obituaries WBRZ Scripts READER / VIEWER SERVICES Email Newsletters Archives Back Issues Education (NIE) Sports Posters Photo/Page Reprints Video Copies ADVERTISING SERVICES Place a classified ad Advocate Advertising Questions WBRZ Advertising Questions Advertisements   2theadvocate > News > Entergy's goal: Sunday for restoring BR power 09/03/05 Entergy's goal: Sunday for restoring BR power By WILL SENTELL wsentell@theadvocate.com Capitol news bureau Advocate staff photo by KENNETH WILKS Entergy employees work on Friday to remove a tree that had fallen across Carrollton Avenue in Baton Rouge in order to fix a downed power line and restore electrical service to the neighborhood. About 32,000 customers of Entergy Corp. in the Baton Rouge area operated without electrical power for the fifth day Friday in the wake of Hurricane Katrina. Virtually all DEMCO customers without power in East Baton Rouge Parish should have been back on by the end of the day, officials said. Bill Benedetto, regional manager for Entergy, said crews hope to have most power to the area restored by Sunday night but emphasized that is a goal, not a certainty. "There are still going to be some small pockets or individual people that won't have it," Benedetto said. "We would hope to have the bulk of it" by Sunday. Entergy has about 145,000 residential and business customers in the Baton Rouge area. About 90,000 customers were without power at the height of the outage on Monday after strong winds from Katrina hit the area. Advertisements Entergy has about 1 million customers in Louisiana. Those without power statewide total 585,247, Benedetto said. About 39,000 Baton Rouge area customers were without power Thursday evening. Work crews on Friday were set to focus on at least 20 areas. The list includes homes near Bluebonnet and Jefferson; Broadmoor; the LSU area; Pollard Estates; north Sherwood Forest; Lobdell; and Ardenwood and Sullivan Road. Some residential customers have complained of outages for several hours and longer after initial electric al power problems were resolved. "Sometimes in restoring power we have to take a circuit out to do some work to get another circuit on," Benedetto said. "Sometime we get it hot (on) and there may be a tree limb on a line that has been weakened and it will take it out again." Robin Keller, public relations manager for DEMCO, said Friday that virtually all of its customers in East Baton Rouge Parish without power should have had it restored by the end of the day. "That being said, there will still be some scattered outages," Keller said. "There could be as many as 100 customers without power, but the primary circuits should be back up by the end of the day (Friday) in East Baton Rouge." The utility serves parts of East Baton Rouge, Ascension, Livingston, East Feliciana, West Feliciana, Tangipahoa and St. Helena parishes. About 75,000 customers were without electrical power at the peak of the problem on Monday, with 21,000 in East Baton Rouge Parish. About 17,000 customers lacked power Friday. Printer Friendly Version Send this story to a friend Advertisements FEATURES
